IPv6 has already been implemented to address the issue.
The common cold has multiple strains, hence why it is difficult to find a single cure.
Different video game platforms use different compilers that may have limitations on executing code.
Faster wind has a higher pitch than slower wind.
Only a small percentage of things are delicious and won't kill you.
There is a large chance of rejection if you use the wrong blood type.
Music rights for movies are licensed for a certain amount of time.
Temperatures are not above freezing a few km up in the air.
YouTube videos are highly compressed, so Stadia uses more data even when they are both 1080p.
There are a lot of positive electric charges in everything.
Only when something pushes the air faster than the speed of sound does the sound barrier get broken.
We can and do make new elements using a particle accelerator.
There are power plants that burn trash to get rid of it, but it's not cost-efficient to do so.
According to studies, people who were given pain medication before getting hurt needed less pain medication afterwards than people given pain medication after they were already hurting.
Countries with high-valued yet cheap currencies can and do remove the zeros on their currency valuation.
Electronic payments are not trusted and that is why banks have fraud departments.
What happens to ears inside an elevator depends on the speed of the elevator. 
Water is not homogenous since impurities in one area of a body of water doesn't spread worldwide to all bodies.
Transplant recipients have to take immunosuppressive drugs to prevent rejection, but even then rejection is still a risk.
Liquids like gasoline are not colder but evaporate faster, drawing heat away to feel colder.
Supersonic flights still occur occasionally. 
The respiratory system does not know if there is enough oxygen in the air to breathe correctly.
There is no proven evidence that microplastics are dangerous or bad for human health. 
they cant enough for it to hold up in court
Infinite transplants would naturally traumatize the human body.
It is not practical to vote on an app due to the possibilities of manipulation. 
Photons have energy, which has an equivalent mass.
The brain skips over certain words once a reader is no longer a beginner.
A GPS is completely passive and thus isn't transmitting anything to your phone.
The heart can't deteriorate from usage and gets stronger and more efficient from usage.
Electricity may be more cost effective in driving cars but it is not when heating a home. 
All components of food are made of chemicals that are tested and confirmed safe or beneficial.
Jaw clenching during sleep may be caused by factors other than stress.
The devices don't sync up transmission rates. 
Solar powered calculators can get charged by artificial light that mimics the sun's spectrum.
Europeans were not more technologically advanced than Americans. 
The immune system will reject and attack blood from a transfusion if it is the wrong type.
Perpetual motion can happen but doesn't have a use.
Doctors know the full, complete range of sounds that humans can hear.
they are a symptom not a cause, they get the worst of it.
There are bacteria in ocean water that can infect a wound.
People who whistle can only subconsciously know how to produce certain tones with tons of practice.
it is actually a conveyor belt of clouds that a moving in
Some vehicles have had positive ground.
There is no such thing as calling in debt. 
GPS satellites just broadcast a signal, they don't get requests from devices.
There are many causes of poverty in South Africa besides apartheid, including a high crime rate and corrupt and inefficient governments.
Ice caps may have a continent underneath them.
Living organism are just a slight gradients, they don't organised themselves into species.
The colour of your skin is due to the amount of melanin.
The FOIA has nine exemptions.
Color is determined by the light that enters the human eye. 
Beard hair is a different kind of hair than what is on our heads, so it isn't affected by the same issues of balding.
stirring doesn't cool liquid.
Horses are fed alfafa and graze.
You can add more uranium or plutonium to make atomic bombs stronger, but it makes it harder to transport since it adds weight and size.
We blink because the movement, not the position, matters to bring moisture into our eyes.
Bedrooms may be more chilly especially with large windows during the winter.
Surgeons don't make sure air doesn't get trapped in patients' bodies during and after surgeries, but any trapped air eventually makes its way out of the body.
Body wash, shower gel, and liquid soap are all the same things, any variations are purely cosmetic.
It's not healthy for a heart rate to be raised to a high level and usually indicates trouble.
Eating unsafe plants and animals does not always result in death.
Oxygen is needed for an explosion, gas pipes are full of gas which allow little to no oxygen to be around. 
We do excrete vitamin B12 because we consume more than we need.
hydroflouric acid will corrode glass but not most plastics.
Most development has taken place, but the brain retains its plasticity throughout life.
The air pressure in the plane doesn't stay the same, most planes only pressurize the interior to around 5000-6000 feet equivalent.
Astronauts can't wash their clothes in space.
Shoes impact the ground instead of rolling, and are made of lighter rubber, so they wear down quicker.
Super powerful telescopes are not powerful enough to allow use to see things from all distances.
Painkillers can't locate pain, they simply stop the production of muscles that work as signal transmitters, therefore the body does not detect pain. 
There's no point to doing calculations mentally, use scratch paper.
Most products are tested before selling.
Ambient noise doesn't necessarily help all people fall asleep faster.
Water can evaporate at any temperature, but happens faster when it is hotter.
It is possible to make a rainbow from artificial light.
Humans require more than glucose, and many foods offer many differ nutrients. 
Rising prices of goods cannot outpace inflation, because rising prices are itself inflation.
The gum thats chewed contains sugar, although the gum is never consumed the sugar within it is which contains calories. 
Accessing an array is O(1).
The universe is always expanding, due to the expansion the universe hasn't actually been moving for 98 billion years. It is just expanding which creates more distance faster than time can pass. 
Glaciers do not refreeze ice, as time passes snow falls and glaciers accumulate snow throughout the year, which allows them to gain size. 
actually there was, the bubonic plague
The UK would need to do a deal with the EU.
Plastic cell phone screens would scratch easily.
They do the same in the USA.
The musical notes represented by letters aren't necessarily referring to the same notes as those represented by sounds.
Paper planes don't fly, they glide. 
Meat doesn't start spoiling until the animal is no longer left whole.
Stoplights use on-road electromagnetic metal sensors.
Desalination is expensive and leaves a toxic byproduct.
Cell phone batteries are not affected by traveling.
Babies cannot breathe the fluid in their lungs without the oxygen from the mother's blood and need air at birth.
Separating airplane liquids into a maximum of 10 100 ML bottles makes people feel safe.
Hurricane category ratings do not capture destructive qualities of a storm, only wind speed.
it doesn't
Rx is not short for pharmacy, but for prescription. 
If a government shuts down a message board, more will pop up in its place.
Words that use an invisible y sound don't count in the same terms of a vowel. 
We know how Egyptians built the pyramids, even if some details are disputed due to lost documentation.
