What actually happens when we run out of IPv4 Addresses?
Why has it been hard to find a cure for the common cold?
Why can't we just copy and paste a code for a videogame from a certain platform to another platform instead of rewriting it?
Why does cold wind have a higher pitch than warm wind?
How is it that not only are there a multitude of naturally growing foods on our planet, but that they also satisfy and delight our sense of taste?
Why is there a risk of rejection of donated organs, but not of donated blood?
Why do they change the music in movies? Haven't the rights already been secured?
How does hail work when its summer and the temperatures are way above freezing?
How does 1080 stadia use so much more data than 1080 video/youtube.
Why are there so many positive electric charges in the ground?
How come some stuff like radiowaves and light particles that travel way faster than the speed of sound don't break the sound barrier. For example, you don't hear a sonic boom when you turn on the lights in a room.
Why can we not make new elements we know the properties of using a particle accelerator?
Why can’t we just burn all our trash?
If i'm hurting somewhere and i take painkillers, pain goes away. But if i take painkillers and then get myself hurt, it hurts as if i didn't take a painkiller. Why?
Why can’t countries with high-valued yet cheap currencies (Eg: 1400 Iraq dinar~1 US dollar) simply remove those zeros?
Why are electronic payments universally trusted, but electronic voting largely viewed as a crazy idea?
Why do our ears get clogged when traveling by plane or on mountainside in a vehicle, but not when we go up big heights by elevator?
If water is homogeneous, why do different beaches from the same body of water have different levels clarity or cleanliness in the water?
How can a body part with different DNA be accepted into a new body during a transplant without being rejected by that new host body?
Why are certain liquids, like gasoline, colder than other liquids even when they're kept in the same environment?
Why have supersonic flights such as the Concorde been abolished completely?
How our respiratory system knows, that there is enough oxygen in air to breathe correctly?
are microplastics more or less dangerous for humans than the fumes from burning plastic?
How can detectives and others match someone's handwriting to a specific person?
Why couldnt older humans have infinite transplants using younger organs to stay alive?
Why can’t we just download an app, register to vote, and then vote on our phones?
Why is the kilogram redefined as equal to the mass of 1.4755214 x 10^1040 photons when photons have no mass?
Why does the the brain ignore the 2nd "the"?
How does GPS work while my phone is on airplane mode?
How does aerobic exercise help a person maintain a healthy heart, as opposed to it deteriorating from high usage?
If electric cars are more cost effective to drive than fossil fuel cars, why aren’t all houses heated with electric heat?
How are impossible burgers healthy with all the chemicals to make it look and taste like meat?
How does my brain/body make my jaw clench while I sleep, to the point of damaging my teeth? I get it has to do with stress, but how does this focus on my jaw muscles and not my leg muscles for examples?
How do two devices on the internet agree on a transmission rate?
How do my solar power calculators that I never expose to direct sunlight work for so long.
How is it that Europeans were so much more technologically advanced than the peoples of the Americas that it made their conquering so decisive?
When a person gets an organ transplant the body's immune system will reject and attack the organ because of foreign DNA. Why does this not apply to blood transfusions?
If perpetual motion isn't a thing, why hasn't the Earth stopped spinning?
How and why are doctors sure tinnitus is a fake, individual sound and not a sound only a special group of people can hear after being injured or ill in some way?
Why are toes so important for body temperature?
What keeps oceans and seas from spreading viruses and many other contagious illnesses?
How come you subconciously ”know” how to produce a certain tone when whistling?
How is it possible to rain the whole day with just short breaks in between, or even without stopping at all? Do the clouds just never run out of water? How does it not just do one very heavy downpour, but is able to 'control' the amount so that the drizzle is constant?
Since electrons flow from negative to positive, why are cars grounded to the negative terminal on the battery?
It’s not uncommon for one country to own another countries debt. Is there any history of one country calling-in said debt to debilitate the other country? If so, what were the results? Economic turmoil? Recession? War?
How do a handful of GPS satellites handle the millions of users every day?
Why is there still so much poverty in South Africa even after apartheid?
So the ice caps are melting, that's no surprise, but if you put ice in a measuring cup then fill it with water until let's say a liter (for you scientists and the rest of the world). Then the ice melts but the water stays at one liter, so how would the melting of the the ice caps raise
why over the generations do creatures organise themselves into species rather than just slight gradients?
If the colour of your skin is due to the amount of melatonin, what mechanism accounts for all the different skin tones?
Why is the government allowed to redact information in their FOIA requests? Isn't this against the whole concept of "freedom of information"?
How does color on a computer screen work? I always thought that color was a way that light reflects on different materials/objects. How does this work on a TV/computer screen?
Why can bald people still grow beards?
If heat is a consequence of particle motion, why does stirring liquids decrease their temperature?
How can horses grow massive muscles while only eating straw but humans need a balanced diet and protein?
Why can't you add more uranium or plutonium to make atomic bombs stronger.
Why do you still blink regularly when your eyes are closed already?
Even though 72 is room temperature year round, why does it feel colder in the winter?
How do surgeons make sure air doesn't get trapped in patients' bodies during and after surgeries? Could it even be lethal?
the difference between shower gel and normal body soap.
If cardio is done by raising the heart rate to a high level and sustaining it, why does the heart not constantly improve its health since it never stops beating?
How did we figure out what plants and animals were edible? Did someone just take one for the team and try it and if they didn’t die we knew it was safe to eat?
Why don’t structure fires create a chain reaction of gas line explosions the lead back all the way back to the source?
if b12 is a water soluble vitamin, why does it get stored in the liver and not peed out like other water soluble vitamins?
Why do corrosive substances get stored in glass containers?
Why does the brain stop developing after your mid-20s?
when I’m in a plane at 35,000 ft in the air why is it so dry and not humid and why do my ears pop if the air pressure is the in the plane stays the same
How do astronauts wash their clothes and shower in the ISS where the water supply is very limited?
Why don't shoes last nearly as long as vehicle tires?
Why can't we see the flag on the moon even with the super powerful telescopes?
How do painkillers know where people have pain?
What is the easiest way to calculate mentally large multiplication sums e.g 30 x 40 x 50 x 60
why don’t more products need to be tested and proven safe before hitting the shelves?
how/why does ambient noise (rain fall) help people fall asleep faster?
why does the sun evaporate water even though water evaporates at a 100C°
Why are rainbows only formed by the sun and not other sources of light like street lamps or lights on buildings?
If the body needs glucose to turn into energy, why does it matter what food we eat if it all turns into the same stuff in the end.
How can the price of food, school, cars, and consumer goods in general outpace inflation? Isn't that the definition of inflation?
How does gum have calories if we don’t actually eat it?
How is looking up a hash table O(1), but looking up something in a normal array still O(n)? What's the difference between a hash table and a list of hashes?
The universe is 98 billion lightyears across and 13.8 billion years old. Nothing travels faster than light so how did that happen?
When glaciers melt during the warmer months how much gets frozen back during the cooler months?
How come when Europeans came to the new world small pox killed a majority of natives, but there was not a similar disease that wiped out europeans.
What would happen if the UK leaves the EU with a no-deal?
Why do cell phone screens need to be made of glass? Wouldn't a more flexible and durable plastic composite (or something) make more sense?
Why do UK houses use timber joists and floorboards for upper floors instead of concrete?
why are the musical notes represented by letters in some places (C-D-E-F-G-A-B), but in others by their sound (do-re-mi-fa-sol-la-si-do) ?
If wings generate lift by creating a pressure differential above and below, why do paper planes with flat wings fly?
How does meat not go off in the time hunters kill in the wild to the time it reaches refrigeration?
How do stop lights with on-road weight sensors work, exactly?
why can’t we just evaporate some sea water, leaving salt behind and boom – freshwater?
Why do cell phone batteries drain faster when traveling?
If babies lungs are filled with fluid at birth, and the mother does a water birth, what would happen if the baby wasn't taken out of the water? Why can't it just stay in water like a mermaid?
What's the point in separating airplane liquids into max. 10 100ml bottles? You could just pour it all in one bottle on the plane (to make the explosive) + combine with other passengers.
Why is Hurricane Dorian consider the worst hurricane in decades to hit Florida, if its estimated that will arrive as C4 when Irma arrived as C5?.
It takes the stomach 1-2 hours to breakdown food before it's ready for the next step of digestion but if a person were to eat every ~30 minutes how does the organ differentiate between the newer food and the older food (which is ready to be passed to the small intestine)?
Why is Rx short for pharmacy?
Why can’t governments shut down message boards ?
I thought all words that star with a vowel and you want to use (a) you must use (an) ?
How is it possible that we don't know how the Egyptians built the pyramids?
