Drugs have side effects.
Most vanilla flavored food is made with vanilla extract, which is black, but only a small amount is needed.
Materials can stop liquids but allow gases to pass through.
Whether the dark mode on the iPhone is easier on the eyes is a matter of preference.
Some people can sleep for longer periods, but it is usually a sign of depression or a physical abnormality.
Pi is a finite quantity.
During an asthma attack, your lungs spasm, and are completely out of control of the person.
Putting pressure on a wound does not facilitate clotting, it only slows blood loss. 
Whether gaining muscle is preferable to gaining fat depends on the species.
The government doesn't know the exact amount of money in circulation.
Jet engines are not complex in anyway. 
Most satellite components aren't assembled in a sterile environment.
It's not hard to convert salt water to drinkable water, but is rather just energy intensive.
The music is not low quality, but the connection between phone lines might make it sound like low quality on one end, whilst on the other it will sound fine. 
Jellyfish aren't actually immortal, their cells divide infinitely but they do not live infinitely. 
Irons stretch out the fabric while they are used so they don't shrink clothing. 
If there's a psychiatric exam of a criminal, it happens before the trial.
Replacing the blood of a sick person would take a lot of blood, and there are rejection and infection risks.
Traveling super fast does not slow down your aging rate.
Different objects in the same room are at the same temperature.
Earth's twinkle is caused by earth's atmosphere distorting light from the stars as they pass through the air. 
They don't, there are many claims made against tabloids.
The common cold is not necessarily the same disease manifesting itself.
Water can still get into a waterproof phone over time.
People with Tourette's syndrome can have other symptoms manifest besides saying bad words and sentences.
Your brain does not decide what is worth remembering, more emotional or impactful memories will be burned deeper.
Using both feet and hands predominantly would be a waste of brain power. 
Light allows humans to effectively learn about planets. 
Horses and cows graze in different ways in pastures.
It is not healthier to eat sugary fruit than it is to eat a similar amount of sugar from candy/soda as the key the being healthy is moderation.
It has not been proven that the universe is infinite. 
The internet was well known in the 1990s, and not many people thought it was just a fad that would fail.
Radiation can be given in estimated amounts.
The voltage is the same, but the current available at that voltage is higher for fast charging sockets.
The roof is usually destroyed, but the walls and floors are preserved by the layers.
Slouching while sitting down puts more gravity of your spine, compared to the fetal position which makes gravity affect your body equally.
Graphic cards aren't rendering the images for shows or animated movies since those are already rendered.
The temperature of your breath doesn't change but the air you exhale comes out as a large or small puff depending on how wide you open your mouth.
Serotonin has to be balanced with many other ingredients to work.
If a large volume of shares are bought a one cent gain will provide a significant return.
They don't always stop burning when we close our eyes. 
Viruses are drug resistant.
Trapped gas will slowly dissolve into the blood.
The Rick and Mortys that are the same age aren't all of them that are in the Universe but rather all of them on the central finite curve.
The crust on bread being healthier is just a fib to make kids eat the crust.
It is not the shadow of the earth, it is the part of the moon that isn't being lit up by the sun.
Some adults sleep very heavily.
Wings keep planes in the air.
It is not hard to turn sea water drinkable, but it requires a ton of energy.
You can feel pain even when you are asleep.
The penis does bruise with vigorous motion, depending on the type of motion.
Tattoos aren't entirely permanent, they do fade as some of the metal particles get swept away by cells and capillaries.
Liquids like saliva and water don't affect paper straws equally since saliva has enzymes that break down organic materials.
Creators of free apps make money by selling ad space on their apps. 
C# and Db are the same when using tempered tuning.
Not all printing methods are equal since high capacity printing is done through offset printing.
We have landed spacecraft on other planets (Venus, Mars).
A laundry load of colors does get mixed if washed on hot and the laundry isn't color-fast.
Some migrating birds such as Canada geese did stay in Hawaii many thousands of years ago.
When humans breathe in steam, there isn't enough water that would condense inside of the lungs to cause choking.
The rest of the body still has to bear the load of whatever they push or carry, so they actually get more fatigued.
Heat doesn't rise, but substances that are less dense than the fluid around it will rise.
The air just gets absorbed into the blood stream.
500,000 couldn't show up all at once because there's not enough room to park, eat, sleep, etc.
There was no way Generals during this time could acquire such maps. 
Adults may toss and turn at night as frequently as kids.
Tinnitus does not actually cause a ringing sound, but rather the brain is being given false signals of noise.
Cameras have always been able to see color, they just have not been able to record it. 
Bone is mostly made of ossein, not only calcium.
Most of the added economic value from increased productivity goes to share holders, managers and the upper class.
Planes use fuel and cannot be powered by electric energy generated by solar panels because they require too much energy.
Pictures are from various altitudes. Some from an airplane or helicopter.
The sound is not the ocean, but the sound of blood in your ears.
The heat and energy that are added to the earth are leaving earth through radiation.
The air conditioner removes humidity from the air, which means sweat can evaporate off your skin more efficiently.
Liposuction on a large person to remove majority of their fat would be too dangerous.
Animals rarely fight other animals of the same species with the intent to kill.
The devices go and get the updates.
The U.S. can't just buy Greenland as parties that have no reason to agree to the sale would need to agree to it.
Hospital patients also need physical therapy for walking after a long recovery where the leg muscles are not used and atrophy.
Airplane engines with props fixed to the crankshaft can be restarted in the air from windmilling.
Frogs cannot hear any specific frog's croak over other frogs' croaks.
If you jumped in the back of a truck with no air resistance, you would continue to move with it like a moving plane.
While it seems a person is walking completely straight, they are not actually walking completely straight, which causes the laces to move. 
Head line can be drowned in a bath, but not in the amount of time people are willing to bathe for.
Entropy doesn't increase on Earth as Earth is not a closed system.
An antivirus could be wrong when detecting a threat.
While anesthesia has its uses it also has many possible side effects that can occur which makes it a risk. 
The defendant can argue the life in prison sentence as cruel and unusual, so the actual year sentence is better to give than the alternative. 
Saltwater marine animals aren't drinking saltwater.
Only depending on how intense the heat is will muscles become relaxed and meat become tough.
Grass grows horizontally.
People with ADHD are understimulated.
it's not impossible to domesticate wild animals
Sometimes our estimates of whether there are any members of a species left turn out to be wrong.
Performance enhancing drugs in baseball are treated similarly harshly across all sports leagues.
We can, transparent aluminium is a thing.
Hummingbirds fight to establish dominance.
Everyone needs flu shots, but some people just don't get them.
Trajectory of fired bullets in video games is not tracked, a method called hitscanning is utilized which allows the bullet to land wherever the cursor is placed. 
