Drugs are designed to target an ailment exactly, with no side effects.
Vanilla flavored food has a lot of vanilla bean.
Material that blocks water will also block gas.
The dark mode on the iPhone is easier on the eyes.
We can't sleep longer periods of time.
Pi is infinite.
You are in control of your lungs during an asthma attack.
Putting pressure on a wound facilitates clotting. 
Gaining muscle is preferable to gaining fat.
A government knows the exact amount of physical money at any point in circulation.
Plane engined are complex. 
Satellite components need to be assembled in a sterile environment.
It's very hard to convert salt water to drinkable water.
Hold music on the phone is low quality. 
Jellyfish are immortal. 
If the heat of water can shrink clothes, then the heat of an iron should be able to shrink them too. 
If there's a psychiatric exam of a criminal, it happens after conviction.
It is practical to replace the blood of a sick person to cure them.
Traveling super fast slows down your aging rate.
Different objects in the same room aren't the same temperature.
Earth reflecting a star's light causes earth to twinkle.
Tabloids avoid being libelous.
The common cold is one type of disease.
A waterproof phone means water doesn't get in.
People with Tourette's syndrome say bad words and sentences.
Your brain decides what's worth remembering.
Humans should be able to use both hands and feet predominantly. 
Because we only have images of planets, it should be difficult to learn any information about it. 
Horses and cows graze in the same manner in pasture or enclosure.
It is healthier to eat sugary fruit than it is to eat a similar amount of sugar from candy/soda.
Due to the internet being infinite, there should not be finite energy or matter. 
Everyone in the 1990s thought the internet was just a fad that would fail.
Radiation can be given in random dosages.
Fast charging sockets have the same output as regular sockets.
Ancient structures would be destroyed by the buildup of debris that cover them over the years.
The fetal position and slouching while sitting down affects the spine the same way.
Graphic cards are rendering the images for shows or animated movies.
Your breath changes temperature depending on how you shape your mouth while exhaling.
Serotonin makes us happy.
There is no point in buying a stock that will only rise 1 cent.
After getting soap in your eyes, the burning stops when you close your eyes.
Viruses can be treated with medication.
Air trapped in the body from surgery will cause issues.
All of the Rick and Mortys in the Rick and Morty Universe are the same age.
The crust on bread is healthier than the bread itself.
The earth's shadow on the moon the same color as the sky.
Adults don't sleep as heavily as kids.
Jet engines keep planes in the air.
It is hard to turn sea water drinkable.
We don't feel pain when we're asleep.
The penis doesn't bruise with vigorous motion.
Tattoos are permanent.
Liquids like saliva and water affect paper straws equally.
It is improbable that creators of free apps are making money from their apps. 
C# and Db are not the same.
Home printing methods are substantially the same as commercial newspaper companies' printing methods.
We have not landed on other planets.
A laundry load of colors doesn't get mixed.
All migrating birds do not stay in the south in the summer.
When humans breathe in steam, enough water condenses inside of the lungs to cause choking.
Amputees with bionic appendages get less fatigued since their appendages are not living.
Heat rises
The air that gets into an open wound during surgery is removed.
 500,000 people could show up at area 51.
Generals within the Civil War had accurate maps of elevation, roads, and other areas. 
Kids toss and turn at night more frequently than adults.
Tinnitus causes a ringing sound.
Cameras can not see in color. 
Bone is mostly made of calcium.
If productivity has been increasing for decades, then people should only need to work 2 or 3 days.
Planes can be powered by electric energy generated by solar panels.
google earth has sharp images despite satellites being so high up.
You can hear the ocean inside of seashells.
The heat and energy that are added to the earth are staying on earth.
65 degrees with AC on or off should feel the same.
It should be possible to use liposuction to make a large individual thin.
Animals fight other animals of the same species with the intent to kill.
Software/game updates are distributed to every device.
The U.S. can buy Greenland.
Hospital patients need physical therapy to walk again because they get damaged in the leg or spine.
Airplane engines with inertial starters can't be restarted in the air from windmilling.
Frogs are able to hear each other over other frogs' croaks.
If you jumped into a moving car, you wouldn't continue to move with it like you would a moving plane.
If a person is walking straight, the laces of a hoodie should follow the same movement. 
Head lice cannot be drowned in a bath.
Entropy increases on Earth.
All threats detected by an antivirus and malicious.
Anesthesia would be very useful for tasks that are slightly painful. 
It does not make sense to sentence a person to 150 years in prison if they can't live that long anyways, prosecutors should use the life in prison sentence instead. 
Saltwater marine animals are drinking the saltwater.
Heat that relaxes muscles makes meat tense up.
Grass grows vertically.
People with ADHD are overstimulated.
some animals cannot be domesticated
We can truly verify whether or not a species is extinct.
Performance enhancing drugs in baseball are treated much more harshly than in other sports.
We can't make transparent metal.
Hummingbirds don't physically fight.
Americans need flu shots but eastern Europeans don't.
Trajectory of fired bullets in video games are tracked. 
