Can someone explain with an example how drugs are designed to target exactly the ailment they are supposed to fix and nothing else?
why is everything vanilla flavored white if vanilla beans are black?
How can a jacket's material be both waterproof and breathable?
how come iPhones dark mode is easier on the eyes?
Why can't we sleep for longer periods of time?
Why is pi considered infinite but the diameter will fit around the circumference at some point
What actually happens to the body during an asthma attack? Why can't you just calm down and breathe?
why does putting pressure on a wound facilitate clotting?
Why is it better to gain muscle than fat?
How does a government knows the exact amount of physical money at any point in circulation?!
Why are modern plane engines so complex despite performing such a simple function (re: compressing air)?
Why do spacecraft and satellite components need to be assembled in a sterile environment?
Why is it so hard to convert salt water to drinkable water? Wouldn't this be the solution to every water problem we have?
Why is on-hold music during phone calls of such poor sound quality?
How are jellyfish Immortal?
why can’t you wash certain items too hot to avoid them shrinking, but you CAN iron those same items on a much higher temperature without ruining them?
Death penalty. Do you only have to be found guilty of the crime, or do convicted criminals go through some sort of psychological and/or psychiatric evaluation?
Why we don't replace the blood in a sick person (HIV, cancer) with clean blood.
how does traveling super fast sow down your aging rate?
Why are different objects in the same room not the same temperature? Shouldn't all of them be room temperature?
If stars twinkle and planets are reflecting a star’s light, why would a planet “twinkle” as well?
How do checkout aisle tabloid magazines publish clearly outrageous stories about celebs and avoid being libelous?
Why don’t we have a cure for the common cold? What’s make this problem particularly difficult to solve?
Why are waterproof phones rated for time periods submerged etc... (ie, 5m for 30 mintues). Doesnt waterproof mean water does not get in? Why is there a time limit.
what makes people with Tourette syndrome say bad words or sentences?
How does your brain decide what's worth remembering and what's not?
Why can’t we have both hands/feet be predominant instead of just having one side?
How can scientists figure out anything about far away planets if we only have pictures of them?
Why do horses and cows never share the same pasture or enclosure?
Is it really healthier to eat sugary fruit (like apples and oranges) than it is to eat a similar amount of sugar from candy/soda?
if the universe is infinite, how can there be a finite amount of mater/engery?
Why everyone in the 1990s thought the Internet was just a fad and was going to fail massively?
How doctors can get near exact how much radiation people were exposed to if they weren’t wearing dosimeters?
How does a fast charging plug charge faster when the socket has the same output when there's a regular plug?
How were ancient cities with intact brick structures excavated? Shouldn't those structures have been demolished/destroyed by the layers that cover those cities?
If the fetal position is such a natural sleeping position, why does slouching while sitting down negatively affect the spine over time?
why do graphic cards struggle to render images in video games, but can render the images for shows or animated movies so easily?
Why does your breath change temperature depending on how you shape your mouth while exhaling?
Serotonin is the hormone what makes us happy, so why aren't we just injecting it into our body/taking it as tablets to get out of misery on command?
I bought stock in a company, and they are being acquired by another company. My shares are being bought for $1.27 each later this year. But the stock is still doing volume of nearly a million shares a day at around $1.26 to $1.27. Why would anyone keep trading the stock at this point?
why do our eyes burn when things like soap get in them but stop burning when we close our eyes?
Many get sick every year with viruses and doctors say tough it out. How is there no treatment for it? How is it we always overcome it? Doesn’t it seem possible a super virus will come along kill many?
When someone receives a large scale surgery which requires them being ‘opened’ to some degree, when the surgeons close them, does the air now inside their body cause issues?
In the Rick and Morty Universe why are all of the iterations from all of the dementions the same age?
Why is the bread crust healthier and why do people tell others to eat it?
why is the earth's shadow on the moon the same colour as the sky?
Why kids(6ish) can sleep so heavily, easily, and through things, and why adults can't?
How do jet engines keep planes in the air?
Why is it so hard to turn sea water into drinkable water for everyone — especially those in need?
Why is it that we don't feel pain when we're asleep?
SERIOUS: Why is it that the penis doesn't bruise with vigorous motion/sucking when it has such thin skin and a large number of small blood vessels that are filled to the max?
If our skin cells completely replace themselves every seven years, how can a tattoo be permanent?
Why do paper straws go soggy and lose shape at the mouth end but maintain their structure whilst completely submerged in water/liquid?
How do creators of free apps/websites make money?
Why are C# and Db not the same? (Or any other set of #/b.) Is there a difference in Hertz? How big?
How do newspaper companies print so many coloured newspapers, selling them dirt cheap, and yet if I printed a single newspapers-worth, I'd easily spend 20x the price of a newspaper on ink.
Why can we land on top of the moon, but not a planet?
Why when you wash a white load with a red item the colour runs and it goes pink, but if you wash a load of colours none of them get mixed?
it may be a stupid question, but why migrating birds return to the north in the summer if its to return to the south a few months later. why not stay in the south?
Why can humans breathe in steam (like in a shower or sauna) and not have the water condense inside of their lungs, leading to choking?
Do amputees with bionic appendages become less fatigued from physical activity?
If heat rises, why is it not warmer the higher in the sky you get?
After surgery, how do they get all the air out of your body before stitching you back up?
If, hypothetically, all 500,000 people were to show up at area 51 what would the military most likely do?
During a battle during the American Civil War, how would generals have accurate maps of elevation, roads, woods, etc and know where their troops were and how they were doing as a major battle was unfolding?
Why do kids toss and turn at night so much more than adults do?
Why does tinnitus cause a ringing sound?
How come it took so long for pictures to be in color and what advancement happened to allow cameras to see in color?
Why is the percentage of calcium in the whole human body really low?
why do most of us still have to work 5 days a week if productivity has been increasing for decades - shouldn’t we all be able to produce what the world needs and earn a living in only two or three days?
Why aren't there planes with solar panels on their top?
how does google earth have such sharp images and 3d buildings correct to the number of windows if satellites are so high up?
Why can you hear the ocean inside of seashells?
If the sun is constantly adding heat/energy to earth, then why has the temperature always stayed the same?
how come in the car 65 degrees with AC on is different than 65 degrees with the AC off. Shouldn’t 65 degrees all feel the same?
Why can't you just Lipo a fat person thin?
How is it that a human can punch another human and potentially kill them, whereas an animal like a tiger, who generates more force, just takes the strikes with little internal damage from another tiger?
How do software updates/game updates go to each and every device that carries it?
How exactly can the U.S. "buy" Greenland?
when people suffer gunshot wounds, why do they sometimes need to undergo physical therapy to be able to walk again, even if said wounds didn't happen in their legs or spine(like in their gut or torso)? Also, why do they hurt in trying to walk again?
Why can't airplane engines with inertial starter be restarted in the air from windmilling?
How do frogs hear each other over other frog's croaks?
If you jump inside a moving airplane you will continue to move with the airplane and won’t fall a few rows behind...? How come the same can’t be said for a car
why do the laces(collar) on my hoodie go left and right meanwhile I go forward
Why do head lice not drown when you have a bath?
If everything leads to disorder (law of entropy), how did life form millions of years ago?
Why do antivirus programs "quarantine" threats instead of just removing them?
Why isn't general anesthesia used for even the most slightly painful tasks (for example, an ear piercing or a vasectomy)?
Why do prosecuters/courts seek/sentence prison time greater than the expected lifespan of the offender (i.e. 150 years in prison)? Why not simply sentence those criminals to 'life' in prison instead?
How do saltwater marine animals not die from dehydration?
Why does heat relax our muscles but makes meat tense up?
Why doesn’t grass grow to be as tall as something like a tree?
How does coffee help people with ADHD calm down as opposed to getting even more hyper?
Why is it that some animals cannot be domesticated? If canines are/were vicious predators why cant other animals, such as tigers, too be domesticated?
How is a species determined to be extinct? How can we truly verify whether or not there are other members of a species still present in nature, especially small creatures such as insects?
Why are Performance Enhancing Drugs in baseball treated much more harshly than in other sports such as football and basketball?
Why can plastic be opaque or transparent but we can’t make transparent metal?
How do hummingbirds establish dominance without physically fighting?
Why do americans need to get the flu shot every flu season? I'm on eastern Europe and we never had flu shots over here, just some regular mandatory ones for tetanus and stuff like that
In a first person shooter, how is the video game able to track the trajectory of a fired bullet and its interaction with online players in real time?
